add EUDIW ARF PID spec text example with a yml file (#304)
oauth-wg/oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt: draft-ietf-oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt.md

the Issuer MAY create the key pair for the Holder, or
Holder and Issuer MAY use pre-established key material.

> Note: Examples in this document use the `cnf` claim defined in [@RFC7800] to include

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The examples in this document use the `cnf` claim defined in [@RFC7800] to include
```

  </front>
</reference>

> <reference anchor="EUDIW.ARF" target="https://digital-strategy.ec.europa.eu/en/library/european-digital-identity-wallet-architecture-and-reference-framework">

Reviewer: Even if It May sounds paradoxal, this links Is not updated, I'll write today asking to update the arf version, since It Is still v1.0.0 while v1.2.0 Is going to be published

FYI below the fresh meat
https://github.com/eu-digital-identity-wallet/eudi-doc-architecture-and-reference-framework/release

Author: nice! thank you!

## Example 3 - Complex Structured SD-JWT {#example-complex-structured-sd-jwt}

> In this example, an SD-JWT with a complex object is demonstrated. The data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, an SD-JWT with a complex object is represented. The data
```

<{{examples/complex_ekyc/verified_contents.json}}

## Example 4a - SD-JWT-based Verifiable Credentials (SD-JWT VC)

In this example, the artifacts defined in this specification are used to represent

> Verifiable Credentials with JSON payload as defined in [@I-D.terbu-sd-jwt-vc].

Reviewer 2: maybe... ?

```suggestion
a verifiable credential with a JSON payload as defined in [@I-D.terbu-sd-jwt-vc].
```

Reviewer 2: or was that supposed to be the title of terbu-sd-jwt-vc? It read kinda funny with plurals or lack thereof. Also the title has changed.  So maybe... ? 
```suggestion
SD-JWT-based Verifiable Credentials (SD-JWT VC) as defined in [@I-D.terbu-sd-jwt-vc].
```

Reviewer 2: or title without the short part here: ... ?

 ```suggestion
SD-JWT-based Verifiable Credentials as defined in [@I-D.terbu-sd-jwt-vc].
```

Author: I like the middle option with the short part (yes, it was intended to be the doc title, thanks for catching!)

Person Identification Data (PID) defined in [@EUDIW.ARF] is used.

Key Binding is applied
using the Holder's public key passed in a `cnf` claim in the SD-JWT.

The Issuer is using the following input claim set:

<{{examples/arf-pid/user_claims.json}}

The following is the issued SD-JWT (with line breaks for formatting only):

<{{examples/arf-pid/sd_jwt_issuance.txt}}

The following payload is used for the SD-JWT:

<{{examples/arf-pid/sd_jwt_payload.json}}

The following Disclosures are created by the Issuer:

{{examples/arf-pid/disclosures.md}}

The following decoy digests are added:

{{examples/simple_structured/decoy_digests.md}}

> The following is how a presentation of the SD-JWT with Key Binding JWT that discloses only nationality and the fact that the person is over 18 years old could look like:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following is how a presentation of the SD-JWT with a Key Binding JWT that discloses only nationality and the fact that the person is over 18 years old could look like:
```

<{{examples/jsonld/verified_contents.json}}

## Example 5: EUDIW ARF Person Identification Data (PID)  {#person_identification_data}

This example illustrates how to use the artifacts defined in this specification to secure
Person Identification Data (PID) based on the SD-JWT format as defined in [@EUDIW.ARF].

> This example uses the following object as the set of claims that the Issuer is issuing:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This example uses the following object as the SD-JWT input claim set:
```

<{{examples/pid/user_claims.json}}

An issued SD-JWT might look as follows (with Line breaks for formatting only):

<{{examples/pid/sd_jwt_issuance.txt}}

The following payload is used for the SD-JWT:

<{{examples/pid/sd_jwt_payload.json}}

The Disclosures of this SD-JWT are as follows:

{{examples/pid/disclosures.md}}

The Issuer added the following decoy digests:

{{examples/pid/decoy_digests.md}}

> A presentation of the SD-JWT without a Key Binding JWT that discloses only biometrics based holder binding (`binding` of type `BiometricBinding`), 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A presentation of the SD-JWT without a Key Binding JWT that discloses only biometrics based holder binding (`binding` of type `BiometricBinding`),
```

> A presentation of the SD-JWT without a Key Binding JWT that discloses only biometrics based holder binding (`binding` of type `BiometricBinding`)

Author: ok, changed to disclosing cryptographic key binding :)

> A presentation of the SD-JWT without a Key Binding JWT that discloses only biometrics based holder binding (`binding` of type `BiometricBinding`)
> nationality, place of birth and the fact that the person is over 18 years old could look as follows:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A presentation of the SD-JWT without a Key Binding JWT that discloses only biometrics based holder binding (`binding` of type `BiometricBinding`), 
nationality, place of birth, and the fact that the person is over 18 years old could look as follows:
```

<{{examples/pid/sd_jwt_presentation.txt}}

After the verification of the data, the Verifier will

> pass the following result on to the application for further processing:

Author: i think it assumes that the verifier has two components - the part that parses/validates sd-jwt and the part that uses the validated data - the latter is referred to as application i think...

<{{examples/pid/verified_contents.json}}

## Elliptic Curve Key Used in the Examples

> The following Elliptic Curve public key, represented in JWK format, can be used to validate the Issuer signatures in the above examples:

Reviewer 2: "can be used" is correct in conveying that it... um... can be used.

> The following Elliptic Curve public key, represented in JWK format, can be used to validate the Issuer signatures in the above examples:

Author: agreed - it is only for those who wish to use this pubkey to validate the examples - we are not forcing anyone to do so :)
